[IMP] Sales: updating product variants overview and config (#1036)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/products/variants.rst

================
Product variants
================

Product variants are used to give single products a variety of different characteristics, such as

> size, color, etc. Products using variants can be managed at the template level, which apply to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size, color, etc. Products using variants can be managed at the template level, which applies to
```
_applies_, no?

all variations, and/or at the variant level, which applies only to specific attributes.

As an example, a company selling t-shirts may have the following product:

- T-shirt

  - Sizes: S, M, L, XL, XXL
  - Colors: Blue, Red, White, Black

In this example, the **T-Shirt** is the product template, and **T-Shirt, S, Blue** is a product

> variant. Sizes and color are **attributes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variant. Size and color are **attributes**.
```
Size**s** and color**s** _or_ Size and color

The above example has a total of 20 different products (5 sizes x 4 colors). Each one of these
products has its own inventory, sales, etc.

Configuration
=============

Activating the variant feature
------------------------------

> Before using product variants, the setting needs to be activated. To do so, you must go to the
> Sales app. Select :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Settings`, locate the **Products
> Variants** line via scrolling or the search bar at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use product variants, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Settings`, and enable **Products Variants**.
```
I had more comments about that paragraph in my initial review. I see you have added _Sales_ to `:menuselection:`, but for the rest you didn't change anything. Which is fine - we don't have to agree on everything - but it would be nice to mention it in your PR, simply saying "I like my version better", so I know you didn't actually forget to make changes.

Again, I feel this paragraph could be simplified. See my suggestion (and feel free to disagree :))

Author: I think I might have just missed part of the comment about shortening this paragraph.

.. image:: variants/activating-variants-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activating product variants

Creating attributes
-------------------

Attributes need to be created before product variants can be set up in your database. Attributes
can be accessed via :menuselection:`Configuration --> Attributes`. To create a new attribute,
click **Create**. First, choose an attribute name, such as “color” or “size.”

.. image:: variants/attribute-creation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Attribute creation window

> Then, select a display type from *Radio*, *Select*, and *Color*, which determines how your product
> will be shown on your eCommerce page, PoS dashboard and Product Configurator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, select a display type from *Radio*, *Select*, and *Color*, which determines how your product
will be shown on your eCommerce page, PoS dashboard, and Product Configurator.
```
Missing comma

> - *Radio*: Options are in a bullet style list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Radio*: Options are in a bullet style list.
```
Missing full stop

Reviewer: @vpk-odoo I guess you forgot this. It's very minor so I'll approve the PR & move it to the next stage. You will be able to address it when Jon requests changes :)

Select *instantly* to create all possible variants as soon as an attribute and values are added
to a product. Choose *dynamically* for creating variants only when corresponding attributes and
values are added to a sales order. *Never* as a selection means that variants are never created
for a particular attribute.

.. note::
   Once added to a product, an attribute’s *Variants Creation Mode* cannot be edited.

Values should be added to an attribute before saving, but more values can be added at any time,
if needed. To add a value, click **Add a Line.** From there, you can:

#. Type in the value’s name.
#. Check whether or not the value is custom.
#. Specifically for colors, add an HTML color code to make it even easier for salespeople and
   customers to know what they’re selecting.

A color code can be selected by either dragging around the slider or entering a specific HTML
color code to ensure an exact product match whenever possible.

.. image:: variants/picking-a-color.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Selecting a color

.. tip::
   *Attributes* can also be created on the fly by adding a new line and typing the name into the

>    *Variants* Tab on a product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Variants* tab on a product.
```
We don't capitalize "xxx" Tab, Page, Icon, etc.

To add an extra cost to a specific variant, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products`, and click on
the product you want to modify. Click on **Configure Variants** to access the list of variant
values.

Click on the variant you wish to add a value to bring up the template and click **Edit**. In the
**Value Price Extra** field, type in the cost value for the particular variant that is added to the
original price.

.. image:: variants/value-price-extra.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Value Price Extra setting

When you have entered all the extra values you need, click on **Save**.

Impact of variants
==================

- **Barcode**: The code and barcode are associated with each variant instead of per template. Each
  individual variant can have its own unique barcode / SKU.

- **Price**: Every product variant has its own public price, which is the sum of the template
  price and any optional charges for particular variants. For example, a red shirt’s cost is $23
  because the shirt’s template price is $20 and an additional $3 for the red color variant.
  Pricelist rules can be defined to apply on the template or the variant pricing.

> - **Inventory**: Inventory is managed based upon product variants. You don't own just t-shirts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inventory**: Inventory is managed based upon product variants. You don’t own just t-shirts,
```
curly apostrophe instead, to match your other curly apostrophes :)

   :align: center
   :alt: Excluding attributes.

Setting a price per variant
---------------------------

Extra costs can be added to the main price for specific product variants.

To add an extra cost to a specific variant, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products`, and click on
the product you want to modify. Click on :guilabel:`Configure Variants` to access the list of
variant values.

Click on the variant you wish to add a value to bring up the template and click :guilabel:`Edit`.
In the :guilabel:`Value Price Extra` field, type in the cost value for the particular variant that
is added to the original price.

.. image:: variants/value-price-extra.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Value Price Extra setting.

When you have entered all the extra values you need, click on :guilabel:`Save`.

Impact of variants
==================

- :guilabel:`Barcode`: The code and barcode are associated with each variant instead of per
  template. Each individual variant can have its own unique barcode / SKU.

- :guilabel:`Price`: Every product variant has its own public price, which is the sum of the
  template price and any optional charges for particular variants. For example, a red shirt's cost

>   is $23 because the shirt's template price is $20 and an additional $3 for the red color variant.

Reviewer 2: Editing for clarity
```suggestion
  is $23 because the shirt's template price is $20, plus an additional $3 for the red color variant.
```

================
Product variants
================

Product variants are used to give single products a variety of different characteristics, such as
size and color. Products using variants can be managed at the product template level (for all
attributes and variants of that product), and/or at the variant level (for individual variants).

As an example, a company selling t-shirts may have the following product:

- T-shirt

  - Sizes: S, M, L, XL, XXL
  - Colors: Blue, Red, White, Black

In this example, the **T-Shirt** is the product template, and **T-Shirt, S, Blue** is a product
variant. **Sizes** and **colors** are the attributes. **S** and **Blue** are values.

The above example has a total of 20 different product variants (5 sizes x 4 colors). Each one of
these has its own inventory, sales, etc.

Configuration
=============

> Activating the product variants

Reviewer 2: Deleting a word
```suggestion
Activating product variants
```

-------------------------------

> To use product variants, head over to the Sales app, select :guilabel:`Sales` app, select

Reviewer 2: Editing accidental repetitive wording
```suggestion
To use product variants, head over to the :guilabel:`Sales` app, select
```

> :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`, and enable the :guilabel:`Variants` feature.

Reviewer 3: Add `` Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting. `` to the end of the paragraph

.. image:: variants/activating-variants-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activating product variants.

Creating attributes
-------------------

> Attributes need to be created before product variants can be set up in your database. Attributes

Reviewer 2: Deleting "you"
```suggestion
Attributes need to be created before product variants can be set up. Attributes
```

via :menuselection:`Configuration --> Attributes`.

.. note::
   The order of attributes on the :guilabel:`Attributes` page dictates how they appear on the

>    Product Configurator, Point of Sale dashboard, and eCommerce pages.

Reviewer 2: Hi @mivu-odoo & @samueljlieber ! The Product Configurator is actually different than the product template, so let's keep this line as is, please. The Product Configurator refers to the window you use to choose a product variant on a quotation/sales order/online store etc., not the form you use to set up a product... I know it's confusing :(

To create a new attribute, click :guilabel:`Create`. First, choose an attribute name, such as
"Color" or "Size."

.. image:: variants/attribute-creation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Attribute creation window.

> Then, select a :guilabel:`Display Type`, which determines how your product will be shown on your

Reviewer 2: Deleting "you"
```suggestion
Then, select a :guilabel:`Display Type`, which determines how this product will be shown on the
```

> eCommerce page, Point of Sale dashboard, and Product Configurator.

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber The image here shows the Product Configurator :) It appears the same way on the eCommerce page, PoS dashboard, and quotations/sales orders, so let's keep this line as is, too, please.

> - :guilabel:`Radio`: Options are in a bullet style list.

Reviewer 2: Editing a word for consistency
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Radio`: Options appear in a bullet style list.
```

- :guilabel:`Select`: Options appear in a dropdown menu.
- :guilabel:`Color`: Options appear as small colored squares, which reflect any HTML color codes
  set.

> .. image:: variants/display-types-configurator.png

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber Updated image attached
![display-types](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/187512226-a23dd19e-87b8-462b-9a00-1271ea903ea4.png)

   :align: center

>    :alt: Display Types on Product Configurator.

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber Please keep this line as is, since this image displays the Product Configurator.

The :guilabel:`Variants Creation Mode` informs Odoo when to automatically create a new variant once
an attribute is added to a product.

- :guilabel:`Instantly`: Creates all possible variants as soon as attributes and values are added
  to a product template.
- :guilabel:`Dynamically`: Creates variants only when corresponding attributes and values are added
  to a sales order.
- :guilabel:`Never`: Never automatically creates variants.

.. note::
   Once added to a product, an attribute's :guilabel:`Variants Creation Mode` cannot be edited.

Values should be added to an attribute before saving, but more values can be added at any time,

> if needed. To add a value, click :guilabel:`Add a Line`. From there, you can:

Reviewer 2: Tiny capitalization correction
```suggestion
if needed. To add a value, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. From there, you can:
```

#. Type in the value's name.
#. Check whether or not the value is custom (i.e. the customer provides unique specifications).
#. Specifically for colors, add an HTML color to make it even easier for salespeople and customers
   to know what they're selecting.

A color code can be selected either by dragging the slider around or by entering a specific HTML
color code (e.g. #FF0077).

.. image:: variants/picking-a-color.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Selecting a color.

> 

Reviewer 3: Add a paragraph: `` Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the attribute. ``

.. tip::
   Attributes can also be created directly from the product template by adding a new line and
   typing the name into the :guilabel:`Variants` tab.

After an attribute is added to a product, a new tab appears on the attribute's page called
:guilabel:`Related Products`. This tab lists every product in the database that is currently using
the attribute.

> Creating products with variants

Reviewer 2: Editing wording for clarity
```suggestion
Creating product variants
```

-------------------------------

Head over to the :guilabel:`Products` page by clicking :menuselection:`Sales --> Products -->

> Products`, and then, either select a product to add variants or create a new one by tapping

Reviewer 2: Editing for clarity
```suggestion
Products`, then either select an existing product or create a new one by tapping
```

:guilabel:`Create`.

The smart button at the top of the product template indicates the number of currently configured
variants on this product.

.. image:: variants/variant-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Variants smart button.

> To add a new variant, click on the :guilabel:`Variants` tab, then click on :guilabel:`Add Any Line`

Reviewer 2: Correcting the feature name
```suggestion
To add a new variant, click on the :guilabel:`Variants` tab, then click on :guilabel:`Add a line`
```

> to add any attributes and values.

Reviewer 3: Add `` When all the attributes and values have been added, click :guilabel:`Save`. `` to the end of this paragraph

.. tip::
   Similar creation processes are accessible through the Purchase, Inventory, and eCommerce
   applications.

Managing product exclusions
---------------------------

The following examples are all based on a product template that has two attributes:

- T-Shirt

>   - Color: Blue, Red, White, Black

Reviewer 2: Deleting the "black" color so the rest of the paragraph makes sense
```suggestion
  - Color: Blue, Red, White
```

  - Size: S, M, L, XL, XXL

With the above product template, there are 15 different t-shirt variants in three different colors
and five different sizes. If the white t-shirts are not available in the XXL size, then that
variant can be deactivated.

> To do this, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products` and select the relevant product.

Reviewer 2: Editing so that people skimming the doc can know immediately what this paragraph is about
```suggestion
To deactivate a particular product variant, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products` and select the relevant product.
```

Click on the :guilabel:`Configure Variants` button, select the line item for the

> :guilabel:`White Color` attribute, and then click on :guilabel:`Edit`. In the

Reviewer 2: Editing to make the instructions more general
```suggestion
relevant attribute value (in this example, the :guilabel:`White Color` attribute), and then click on :guilabel:`Edit`. In the
```

:guilabel:`Exclude for` section, click :guilabel:`Add a line` and select any product(s) and/or

> specific attribute values that are incompatible with this color.

Reviewer 2: Editing to make the instructions more general
```suggestion
specific attribute values that are incompatible.
```

> incompatible.

Reviewer 3: - Replace `incompatible` with `currently unavailable`
- Add `` Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting, and Odoo will automatically show the product variant as unavailable on the eCommerce page. `` at the end of this paragraph

.. image:: variants/attributes-exclusions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Excluding attributes.

Setting a price per variant
---------------------------

> Extra costs can be added to the standard price for specific product variants.

Reviewer 3: Replace `the` with `a product's`

To do this, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products`, and click on the relevant

> product you want to modify. Click on :guilabel:`Configure Variants` to access the list of product

Reviewer 2: Deleting "you"
```suggestion
product. Click on :guilabel:`Configure Variants` to access the list of product
```

> product. Click on :guilabel:`Configure Variants` to access the list of product variant values.

Reviewer 3: Replace `Click` with `Next, click`

> Click on a variant value, then click :guilabel:`Edit`. In the :guilabel:`Value Price Extra` field,

Reviewer 3: - Replace `Click` with `Then, click`
- Replace `click` with `and`

> type in the additional cost for this particular value. This amount is added to the standard price.

Reviewer 3: Add `` Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the extra price to the value. `` after `This amount is added to the standard price.`

> .. image:: variants/value-price-extra.png

Reviewer 3: I don't love that this screenshot is so zoomed in, because you can't tell what page/form it's on. @meng-odoo if possible, can you take a new screenshot that shows more of the Product Variant Value form.

Reviewer 2: @mivu-odoo @samueljlieber Updated image attached
![value-price-extra](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/187515709-b1e0d5cf-45d1-4869-9185-179fea9e7c08.png)

   :align: center
   :alt: Value Price Extra setting.

Impact of variants
==================

> - :guilabel:`Barcode`: Barcodes are associated with each variant instead of with the product

Reviewer 3: Delete `with` from `with the product`

  template. Each individual variant can have its own unique barcode/SKU.

- :guilabel:`Price`: Every product variant has its own public price, which is the sum of the

>   template price and any optional charges for particular attributes. For example, a red shirt's

Reviewer 3: - Add `product` before `template price`
- Replace `optional` with `extra`

currently configured variants on the product.

To add a new variant, click on the :guilabel:`Variants` tab, then click on :guilabel:`Add a line`
to add any attributes and values. When all the attributes and values have been added, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. tip::
   Similar product variant creation processes are accessible through the Purchase, Inventory, and
   eCommerce applications.

Managing product exclusions
---------------------------

The following examples are all based on a product template that has two attributes:

- T-Shirt

  - Color: Blue, Red, White
  - Size: S, M, L, XL, XXL

With the above product template, there are 15 different t-shirt variants in three different colors
and five different sizes. If the white t-shirts are not available in the XXL size, then that
variant can be deactivated.

To deactivate a particular product variant, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products`
and select the relevant product. Next, click on the :guilabel:`Configure Variants` button, open the
relevant product variant attribute value form (in this example, the :guilabel:`White Color`

> attribute), and then click on :guilabel:`Edit`. In the :guilabel:`Exclude for` section, click

Reviewer 3: I would line break to another paragraph between `` ...then click on :guilabel:`Edit`. `` and `` In the :guilabel:`Exclude for` section... ``

currently configured variants on the product.

To add a new variant, click on the :guilabel:`Variants` tab, then click on :guilabel:`Add a line`
to add any attributes and values. When all the attributes and values have been added, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

.. tip::
   Similar product variant creation processes are accessible through the Purchase, Inventory, and
   eCommerce applications.

Managing product exclusions
---------------------------

The following examples are all based on a product template that has two attributes:

- T-Shirt

  - Color: Blue, Red, White
  - Size: S, M, L, XL, XXL

With the above product template, there are 15 different t-shirt variants in three different colors
and five different sizes. If the white t-shirts are not available in the XXL size, then that
variant can be deactivated.

To deactivate a particular product variant, go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products`
and select the relevant product. Next, click on the :guilabel:`Configure Variants` button, open the
relevant product variant attribute value form (in this example, the :guilabel:`White Color`
attribute), and then click on :guilabel:`Edit`.

> In the :guilabel:`Exclude for` section, click :guilabel:`Add a line` and select any product(s)
> and/or specific attribute values that are currently unavailable. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` toapply the setting, and Odoo will
> automatically show the product variant as unavailable on the eCommerce page.

Reviewer 4: Looks like a line break was planned here but missed on line 141 😉 
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Exclude for` section, click :guilabel:`Add a line` and select any product(s)
and/or specific attribute values that are currently unavailable. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to
apply the setting, and Odoo will automatically show the product variant as unavailable on the
eCommerce page.
```

.. image:: variants/attributes-exclusions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Excluding attributes.

Setting a price per variant
---------------------------

Extra costs can be added to a product's standard price for specific product variants.

To do this, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products --> Products`, and click on the relevant
product. Next, click on :guilabel:`Configure Variants` to access the list of product variant
values.

Then, click on a variant value, and :guilabel:`Edit`. In the :guilabel:`Value Price Extra` field,
type in the additional cost for this particular value. This amount is added to the standard price.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the extra price to the value.

.. image:: variants/value-price-extra.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Value Price Extra setting.

Impact of variants
==================

> - :guilabel:`Barcode`: Barcodes are associated with each variant instead of the product template.

Reviewer 4: Grammar
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Barcode`: barcodes are associated with each variant instead of the product template.
```

  Each individual variant can have its own unique barcode/SKU.

> - :guilabel:`Price`: Every product variant has its own public price, which is the sum of the

Reviewer 4: Grammar
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Price`: every product variant has its own public price, which is the sum of the
```

  product template price and any extra charges for particular attributes. For example, a red
  shirt's cost is $23 because the shirt's template price is $20, plus an additional $3 for the red
  color variant. Pricelist rules can be configured to apply to the product template or to the
  variant.

> - :guilabel:`Inventory`: Inventory is counted for each individual product variant. On the product

Reviewer 4: Grammar
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Inventory`: inventory is counted for each individual product variant. On the product
```

Impact of variants
==================

- **Barcode**: The code and barcode are associated with each variant instead of per template.

>   Each individual variant can have its own unique barcode / SKU.

Author: I swear the break at 100 character line break thing in Pycharm sucks.

  fields automatically updates every variant as well. Examples include Income Account and Taxes.

Configuring Variants
====================

Activating the variant feature
------------------------------

Before using product variants, the setting needs to be activated. To do so, you must go to the
Sales app. Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings`, locate the **Products Variants**
line via scrolling or the search bar at the top of the page.

.. image:: variants/activating-variants-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activating Product Variants settings

Creating Attributes
-------------------

Attributes need to be created before product variants can be set up in your database. Attributes
can be accessed via :menuselection:`Configuration --> Attributes`. To create a new Attribute,
click **Create**. First, choose an attribute name, such as “color” or “size.”

Then, select a display type from Radio, Select, and Color, which determines how your product will
be shown on your eCommerce page, PoS dashboard or Product Configurator. Radio lists your options
in a bullet style list; Select creates a dropdown menu; and Color creates little squares to
choose the options from.

> .. image:: variants/display-types-configurator.png

Author: I actually had this screenshot here because I wanted to show how they actually appear when you activate the different display types since this is definitely something I really wish I had a visual of when I was starting out with the Sales app. I'd rather put a separate screenshot of the attribute window at the beginning.

> .. image:: variants/display-types-configurator.png

Reviewer: Both screenshots are useful I believe!

Selecting a Variants Creation Mode informs Odoo when a new variant needs to be created once an
attribute is added to a product. The available options are instantly, dynamically, or never.
Instantly will create all possible variants as soon as an attribute and values are added to a
product. Dynamically will create variants only when corresponding attributes and values are added
to a sales order. Never as a selection means that variants are never created a particular attribute.

.. note::
   Once added to a product, an attribute’s Variants Creation Mode cannot be edited.

Values should be added to an attribute before saving, but more values can be added at any time,
if needed. To add a value, click **Add a Line.** From there, you can:

#. type in the value’s name
#. check whether or not the value is custom
#. specifically for colors, add an html color code to make it even easier for salespeople and
   customers to know what they’re selecting.

A color code can be selected by either dragging around the slider or entering a specific HTML
color code to ensure an exact product match whenever possible.

.. image:: variants/picking-a-color.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Selecting a Color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Selecting a color
```

.. tip::

>    **Attributes** can also be created on the fly by adding a new line and typing the name into the
>    Variants Tab on a product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Attributes* can also be created on the fly by adding a new line and typing the name into the
   *Variants* tab on a product.
```
I prefer to use Italics when mentioning a field/feature name - having too much bold isn't great

A new tab appears on the attribute’s page called **Related Products** after an attribute is added
to a product. This tab lists every product in your database using the attribute.

Creating products with variants
-------------------------------

Head over to the Products page by clicking :menuselection:`Sales → Products --> Products`, and
then, either select a product to add variants to or create a new one by tapping **Create**.

On the product page, a new tab called Variants has appeared. The smart button at the top of the
template indicates the number of currently configured variants on this product.

.. image:: variants/variant-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Variants smart button

> To add a new variant, click on the **Variants Tab**, then on **Add Any Line** to add any
> attributes and values to create new product options for your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new variant, click on the **Variants** tab, then on **Add Any Line** to add any attributes
and values to create new product options for your customers.
```
100th character line break

.. tip::
   The order of Attributes on the Attributes page dictates how they appear on the Product

>    Configurator, PoS dashboard or eCommerce pages.

Author: In this case, shouldn't the second "attributes" be capitalized since it's talking about the specific page?

Similar creation processes are accessible through the Purchase, Inventory, and eCommerce
applications.

Managing product exclusions
---------------------------

The examples below are all based on this product template that has two variant attributes :

-  T-Shirt

   -  Color: Red, Blue, White

   -  Size: S, M, L, XL, XXL

> With the above product template, you have 15 different t-shirt products in 3 different colors and
> 5 different sizes. If the red and blue t-shirts are the only shirts available in XXL, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above product template, you have 15 different t-shirt products in three different colors and
five different sizes. If the red and blue t-shirts are the only shirts available in XXL, you can
```
Most of the time we should spell out numbers from one to ten (unless it's a calculation or an amount of money)

deactivate the white variant.

Open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products` and select the product you want to edit. Click on the
**Configure Variants** button, select the line item for the White Color Attribute, and then click
on **Edit**. Click **Add a line** and select any product(s) and/or specific attribute values that
are incompatible with this color.

> .. image:: variants/attribute-exclusions.png

Reviewer: This screenshot could be less wide

   :align: center

>    :alt: Excluding Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Excluding attributes
```

Setting a price per variant
---------------------------

Extra costs can be added to the main price for specific product variants.

> To add an extra cost to a specific variant, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products`, and click
> on the product you want to modify. Click on **Configure Variants** to access the list of variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an extra cost to a specific variant, open :menuselection:`Sales --> Products`, and click on
the product you want to modify. Click on **Configure Variants** to access the list of variant
```
100th character line break

values.

Click on the variant you wish to add a value to bring up the template and click **Edit**. In the

> **Value Price Extra** field, type in the cost value for the particular variant that is added to
> the original price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Value Price Extra** field, type in the cost value for the particular variant that is added to the
original price.
```
100th character line break

.. image:: variants/value-price-extra.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Value Price Extra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Value Price Extra setting
```
